Implementing file-based game-state file that represents a snapshot
of the game at a given time (player decision point = pdp). Current idea is black-box use
 of cPickle module
	
game engine: (gamestate, choice) |-(evaluate results up until next pdp)-> gamestate

gamestate includes information as to which player is making a choice and the available choices
-choices can be hidden for player, but must be enumerated for AI. List pared down using can_cast, can_activate, etc.

engine unpacks gamestate into an object, evaluates it with the given choice, packs up and returns a new gamestate to
manager. engine is always the determinant of which player has choice

manager calls engine, sends gamestate to players, requests input, calls the AI, initializes game, resolves end-game
scenario (as determined by engine)

engine can call effects, which must fully resolve between pdps. effects alter objects in the gamestate, e.g. moving
objects between zones, initializing rules, queuing actions

UI takes game-state as input, allows for user decisions, returns a decision to the game model

AI calls the engine on each choice presented, returns the maximum (or minimum from opp. point of view) among the values
of the heuristic function 

Implementation schedule

-write classes, primarily gamestate class. gamestate class contains only information necessary for a full recreation of
the game. 

-write engine function, take a pair (gamestate_p, choice), unpack pickle, evaluate choice, populate choices, return gamestate_p.

-write simple shell-based UI, which prompts the player when their turn to choose. Choices may be suppressed (during priority) or
explicitly listed (during resolution of an effect). UI returns a choice along with the gamestate to the game engine.

-write game management script to replicate legacy functionality

-write AI version .1, which calls the engine on each choice, evaluates the heuristic function on each resulting gamestate, 
and returns the choice with the maximum value

-great success!! ready to begin parallel shamdalar game world implementation